Site.
But.
Yeah.
All right, should be recording now.
If you want, pop back on. Okay.
Cool.
Yeah.
It's the moment.
Nicer.
Come on and pull up. There we go.
All right,
so we'll start just with some like easy
opening questions for you.
So in a sentence,
what's your role and have you worked with
like the,
how have we worked with the ball federal
accounts?
Yeah. I am a solutions engineer.
I work with the Department of Homeland
Security and the FAA and the Department
of Justice.
The biggest accounts I have are the FAA
and probably a couple of the Homeland
SEKAR.
Security accounts.
I do have the largest, I think,
renewal base in the federal business,
She likes.
and I work with the longest tenured
federal rep.
So we've got roughly $6 million of ARR,
I think,
Second.
that we support throughout the business.
So we got a lot of contracts.
Exactly.
So.
I mean, I see,
so my job is to support my existing
And all of that setting,
that is an engaged individual
business and support my customers through
acquiring a new business and expanding
organization,
and computing for almost a time.
their business.
And now, over roughly the last year,
you said you've worked with the FAA
So.
directly.
Is there any other DOD or civilian
Yeah.
agencies,
intelligence communities that you've
worked with or have worked with second
hand?
I really,
we really kind of stick to our
territories. Historically,
I've worked with the Department of Energy.
It's not my account set anymore.
I know it pretty well because I had it
It's in the one density right now,
which is and for the accounts that you
for years. But other than that,
the current account set that I have is
what I know best.
that you'll be talking about today,
were you hands-on in that deployment or
were you just assisting?
Assisting them with that deployment.
No hands-on.
We don't really do hands-on in our role.
Okay.
We're advisory.
We lean heavily on professional services
to make sure that they get where they
need to be.
So while I have a lot of design knowledge
of where they ended up,
So.
I did not do the design work for the most
part myself.
Yes.
some recommendations, but yeah,
that's where we land.
So much.
And now,
of the customers that you're working with,
just go ahead and pick one of those at
Federal Fault like deployments that you
know really well.
And roughly how many humans users
actually are logging in? Is it daily,
active, total?
So this is gonna change, I think.
dramatically with the shift in licensing.
So the move from application-based
Hello.
licensing to secret-based licensing will
open up the platform to a lot more human
identities since we're not penalizing our
customer for consuming those identities
by logging in.
So the answer I give now is going to be a
much lower answer than I suspect we will
land in a year or two from now,
Especially the deals I'm working on right
now,
we're basically just sizing for every
application owner to have an identity,
be able to log in,
manage secrets for their applications.
And historically,
customers have done the complete opposite.
They've architected and designed the
platform to minimize the number of people
that log in.
So keep that in mind as an answer here.
So for my customers,
even the biggest agencies have less than
probably 100 people logging in.
Interesting. Now, separately,
roughly how many machines, applications,
services,
or workloads authenticate to the same
vault? And
Is it low? Is it is it high,
and where does that land? OK,
you want to see also, like,
if you could tell us that.
Much higher. So CIS has 3000 clients.
I don't have the stats in front of me of
Cycle.
how many hits they get per day,
but there's several 1000 application pods
Bye.
that are hitting that thing. That's just
That's one account,
that's the biggest single vault account
that I have, but that is subject again,
that's gonna probably change in the next
Mhm.
12 months with a couple of the accounts
that I have, so you know.
The ratio that I typically see is
something like for every one user,
I'm sorry.
Just happened.
there's probably 10 to 20 applications,
identities that are logging in.
It's just five that are, you know.
And now, in terms of secrets,
how many secret entries live in a typical
secrets engine,
and how many name spaces does a large
count typically carve out?
Yeah, got it.
Gonna vary wildly by maturity,
age of the customer.
That one's tough to heart,
that one's difficult to scope.
Sigma.
And I don't have a lot of hard
information on it.
So I'm probably going to defer on it
because I can't really give you much, but.
Stop.
Ethan.
..
Yeah, yeah,
probably just have to do further.
So let's do a little clarification.
When you talk about maturity,
are you talking about the maturity of the
organization or whole or maturity of
their experience with Vault?
Great question.
That I just meant straight maturity with
the product.
Like if they've been a customer for eight
Okay.
years,
they're just going to have a ton of
sprawl that's occurred over time,
and they're going to have a ton of
Mhm.
namespaces.
And even as our product has matured,
A different box.
it's obviated the need to do certain
things.
So they have a lot of legacy practices
that maybe necessitate more namespaces,
all kinds of weird stuff.
So, yeah.
Yeah, it's just gonna,
it's gonna really run the gamut.
Now,
how have you seen that change over time
with the...
your particular customers that you're
working with. Have you seen that grow?
Ahh.
Have you seen that shrink?
I think people use more main namespaces
now than they did previously,
Mhm.
because there were legacy ACL
restrictions that made it more difficult
to create policy and manage policy across
organizations,
Then, it and most of the.
and that was fixed several releases ago.
Be doing this.
But it meant that it was just really hard
to manage granular namespaces.
You just have to do like,
it was just a mess from an ACL
perspective.
And it was also a mess from an
S.
authentication perspective,
because the authentication engines had to
live in the same namespace.
Yeah.
Yeah, that makes sense.
And now for a busy federal account,
what's the authentication rate at peak?
That's requesting logins per second,
is it per minute? And...
Is that load steady or spiky?
And if it is spiky,
what typically contributes to that?
It's absolutely spiky.
It's going to be at periodic application
Vanny.
reset times, whether they have,
like a lot of customers will have like a..
S.
.
A rule where they'll just bounce all
their Kubernetes pods every two weeks
Yeah.
just to do a rolling restart,
and that's how they manage secrets as
well,
and they just get a new secret every two
weeks,
and it'll have like a 30-day time to live,
and that way they don't have to worry
about...
processes that are triggering restarts
because of new secrets and stuff.
They manage the process internally by
just making sure that the pods are fresh
enough that they always have a valid
secret so they can't die.
So that's going to hit the system pretty
hard at those intervals.
It's never going to be like,
it's not like.
Two years.
a standard organization full of like,
it's not like the Windows log on,
C.
like mass traffic thing.
People experience like 8 AM,
I.
everyone came in, log on. Nah,
it's nothing like that.
It's the application side for sure.
And I would be willing to bet it's mostly
a Kubernetes driven.
spike.
So,
the Kubernetes issues are the amount of
things that are being pushed,
so that's contributed to the spikiness of
it.
Yeah.
kind of an overall.
And of the heavy features,
Mhm, mhm.
when you think of like PKI issuance, KMIP,
dynamic database, cloud credentials,
or SHH,
which one drives the most requests?
or load on the accounts that you're
working on.
Database by far.
Database, OK, and why is that?
Yeah.
It's just the problem that causes the
most pain for our customers right now.
I think it could be overtaken with,
if we do some right moves with PKI,
you know,
PKI could dominate that category in a
couple of years. I think it probably will,
just given
The need for certificates,
but right now the challenge with managing
That's not much.
database credentials is the biggest
problem from just a rotational
perspective.
There are just so many accounts that have
to be rotated for their applications that
it's the top use case that we have with
our customers.
The thing we sell it on.
OK.
What do you think has contributed to that
challenge of the rotation?
I think it's the dominant service
credential type that applications have.
When an application has a service
credential, it's probably, you know,
Nothing.
We got the.
8 out of 10 times that service credential
is for a database.
Yes.
And there's a lot of databases.
And that's kind of it, right? That's...
K.
I think there's a lot of nuance to it.
Yes.
Okay,
now we're going to go a little bit into
satrix and scaling.
And so when one of these clusters start
to struggle under load,
what runs out first and what, you know,
essentially what is the thing that you
watch out for or, you know,
calls attention to and says, okay,
This is the this is the thing that we
need to fix.
So I'll call this out first.
I've never had a customer hit performance
limits on their cluster, any of them,
at any of their scales.
I think part of that's because none of
them use the transit engine. So
whatever customer asks me if they're able,
if like,
what are the performance limitations?
What should I be looking out for?
I'm like,
are you going to use the transit engine?
And they say, no, I'm like,
then you're never going to see a
performance limit on this cluster.
And that's just generally what I see.
That's empirical,
not tested in any kind of thorough
you know, engineering methodology,
but that's just what I see.
He said this is regardless of scale,
is that correct?
Yeah, uh, my, you know, my customer with,
you know...
30,000 vault licenses.
They have a 5 node cluster. It's got,
I mean,
it's got the performance read standbys,
but I'm not even sure they really need
this. Like I've just never heard,
like they also might not be interrogating
their cluster enough to see if they're
experiencing performance issues,
because establishing all of the, you know,
Grafana back-end Prometheus metrics to
know if there's a queue building up.
They might not really know,
so I think most customers are ignorant to
Please.
whether or not there is a performance
issue,
but performance issues just don't show up
for them one way or another,
because whether they're waiting 100
milliseconds, 50 milliseconds,
or half a second,
that's all mostly meaningless in the
deployment of an application.
In their use cases.
Okay. Now,
it's kind of a tag-on question to that.
In the event that there is a performance
issue,
Mhm.
with the clients that you're working with,
are there plans in place in order to deal
with that? And if so, what are they?
Since they've never seen him before,
they don't even know that they should
have a plant.
Interesting.
Yeah, I would say, I mean, like,
they're just gonna open a ticket with us
Okay.
and be like, hey,
things seem to be kind of slow.
And if they're slow and still working,
it's probably fine. Again,
they're not doing, you know,
high transactional throughput on the
cluster.
It's just like maybe a quick burst of
restarting some pods.
They grab a few dynamic secrets.
Maybe it's slow for 30 seconds while it
issues all those secrets.
And then they probably don't experience
any kind of an issue again,
if they even did experience an issue.
So yeah,
I just don't think they just they
experienced the sustained traffic that is
necessary for them to be like.
our credit card processing is slow across
our entire network right now for some
reason, right? They just don't do, again,
that's to the transit engine again,
where it's just like,
you just need a lot of volume,
sustained volume to bring it down a
cluster as far as I've seen.
So, thank you.
And now,
let's think of a Federal bulk deployment
that hit a wall or had a customer
impacting a band under load.
What was the trigger, if you do know this?
And was there an early warning signal
before?
before that began.
Or is it this same kind of situation
where...
Hasn't happened. So yeah,
I can't tell you.
Yeah.
There are some of them are worried about
it, right?
Like we have customers who are like, oh,
we really need to have that performance
standby because we know we're a high
performance customer. And like,
I'll take their money,
but I don't know that they really
actually did any performance analysis on
that.
Yeah.
Makes sense now.
Yeah.
So as you're interacting,
what does the setup look like when a
customer outgrows their current setup?
What's the right move and resources to
that existing cluster?
Are they standing up a separate cluster
that's split in the workload?
And is there a ceiling where you insist
on a second cluster regardless of the
headroom?
I haven't hit any of these challenges.
Okay.
Yeah, again,
like people might not be measuring it,
but like until people start really,
our customers are just not the big
financials that are doing like really
heavy hitting work on these things.
And they're not doing the analysis to
know when they'd hit headroom or hit like
a ceiling. And so I just, you know,
I just.
tell customers to use the generic
architectural recommendations.
If they did hit something,
I would just tell them to add more memory
and dump another CPU or two onto the
nodes. It scales up, not out.
So that's just generally what we do if we
did it.
In.
Yep.
You actually took the next question right
out of my office, you know,
in that instance where that does happen,
kind of what steps would you take in
order to assist them in the remediation
of that?
Yeah, I start with up.
Yeah,
I would start with up and then if that's
still not enough,
then out because more nodes is not as fun
to manage.
Okay.
Now,
across the federal accounts that you've
seen, how concentrated is demand?
Are most accounts roughly the same size
or are there a few that, you know,
make the other ones look pretty small?
Like kind of what's your largest versus
the typical?
I mean,
I have customers with 25 licenses and I
have licenses with our customers with
3000. So it is huge. I try not to,
we try not to really get engaged with the
really small ones just because it's just
Mhm.
not really worth our time.
Give them the open source,
they can kind of figure that out.
I try not to sell anything less than 100.
Client licenses,
but occasionally things slip through.
Some legacy contracts exist, but.
Mm.
Yeah, yeah, no, it definitely.
Is a huge.
Huge.
Variety there, so...
Yeah, I don't know how you...
How do you slice that?
So now when you think about the growth of
that,
how quickly does a federal accounts fault
uses grow once in production? Do you,
as you've seen it, is it flat?
Is it steady or it changes when new
programs are onboarded?
Only a small percentage of them are
capable of becoming enormous.
A lot of them never really grow.
They have their need,
their agency is what the size of their
agency is.
It's not like a commercial account where
like, you know,
they're releasing new products and
suddenly their, you know,
their revenues are
are pumping, the company's growing,
it doesn't really happen, right? You know,
the...
What's an example here? I don't know.
NASA is the size that NASA is.
If anything,
they just kind of get smaller.
Their budget gets a little smaller,
Yeah.
not bigger. There are some changes, like,
you know, obviously Homeland Security,
sometimes they get a big budget.
The folks over in Department of Defense
slash war, you know, they'll get
big influxes of cash,
different new projects.
On the civilian side,
that doesn't happen as often.
So it's pretty, pretty flat.
And we usually know going into it what
the high end is going to look like
because they've asked all those questions
up front.
So they'll say, hey.
Let's get you started with, you know,
300 or 400 Vault licenses.
We've already scoped out your full
environment, so if, you know,
as you grow or as you adopt new use cases,
we expect you'll end up here when you
know you're a fully mature deployed
customer, but that's, you know,
So.
probably where you'll stay once you get
there.
In the event there is growth,
how can we expedite that process?
Say again?
In the event that they do have growth,
how can we expedite that process?
Gotcha.
Sorry.
I always,
and this is a luxury of an on-prem
deployment,
I've never had to grow a cluster.
Nee.
We just kind of size it on day one with
more or less the resources we expect
they'll need.
And if they get to a certain size,
they can, well,
they can easily just add a few gigs of
RAM and some CPUs to each node.
And it's just a quick,
helm redeployment, pretty painless, right?
So there's not much to managing that.
And again,
I just don't run into a lot of
So.
performance issues on my side.
So it hasn't really been a problem.
Like when I get a really small customer,
I don't like tell them to use some
unsupported super small amount of
resources to run their cluster.
I give them the same guidance as I give,
you know, a medium-sized customer.
I just follow the minimum sizing
recommendations of the architecture guy.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
Makes sense.
And what availability do federal
customers actually expect from a managed
vault?
And what recovery time and data loss
windows after a regional zone failure do
they expect?
And does it differ by segment? And if so,
how?
Absolutely.
It's not even different by segment,
it's just going to differ within tiers
inside of even an agency.
Take the FAA for example.
They have three availability like
networks and tiers. They have...
So, I can.
Mission essential, mission critical,
mission.
So there's mission critical,
that's like flight systems,
there's mission essential,
and then there's like support,
mission support below.
Mission support like could just go down
and that would be fine,
but you like get the idea.
Like as you move up,
availability becomes more and more
important. When I design an architect,
these solutions and we discuss how they
should be used.
And what is that?
We always try to architect the solution
to fall outside of a true tier 0 service.
Like if it goes down,
we don't want applications to start
breaking everywhere. Ideally,
we want those leases.
that we, you know,
whatever leases we're pushing out or
whatever is going out the door,
we want them to have a grace period. Like,
I don't know,
I would like to see like a day, right,
where like, we don't,
if the system went down,
production could at least keep running
for a day or two while we figure out why
leases aren't going out the door.
That's not always possible. Things like...
I don't know, spawn services like Lambda,
you know, you need a secret as it spawns,
that's just going to break if it's
reaching out to vault every time it
Yeah, exactly.
spawns. So it's not always doable,
but we try to architect that,
like kind of up and first and foremost,
if we can make it not barrier zero,
Oh.
we will.
And then from there.
you know,
kind of hard to say based off of the
agency,
how important things are and how long
things can be down. But I mean,
you're really looking at
Hours at the most, right? We need,
you need,
you need a recovery RPO RTO if like less
than two hours for most agencies,
It was.
Mhm.
and for like critical services like that,
the FAA,
like you're talking like 10 minutes maybe
if you need basically push button
disaster recovery failover.
like that needs to come back online.
But I wouldn't build for those guys
because they're not going to use a SaaS
service like yours in a mission critical
service like that.
They're going to want to engineer it and
manage it themselves.
Yeah, OK. Nice. Thank you.
Now,
when a federal customer states sizing
their load in like an RFP or an RFI,
how does that compare to what they
actually run in production?
Are they overestimating that or are they
underestimating that? And if so,
is there a number that you have of what
that typically looks like?
Overestimating or underestimating which
element?
So,
what they actually kind of request in the
sizing versus what they actually run in
production. Yeah.
Licensing, like licensing, licensing,
yeah.
I have very few,
I don't think I have any customers
Yeah.
outpacing their licensing.
They either run below or at their
licensing. And then we, you know,
at the end of the year,
No.
Yes.
we look at where they are and we add 10,
you know,
whatever growth ramp we expect them to
need. So I don't know,
Yeah.
I hope that answers your question.
No, it does. Now, have you seen,
kind of piggybacking on that a little bit.
When it comes to that licensing,
have you seen any outliers or have you
seen any kind of drivers that push
someone to a high license versus on the
lower end of that spectrum?
Like any commonalities that you say?
They just have a bunch of budget. Yeah,
if they just have like a big, like a big,
like a lot of end of year money,
sometimes they'll just throw,
that's like one of the key drivers.
Like they're like, oh,
we have a bunch of end of year money.
We want to buy a, you know.
Yeah.
buy up our licensing so we can, you know,
bring some new workloads online.
But it's mostly new initiatives is what
drives it.
They're either folding in another agency
or they're building,
Yeah.
they're shifting to a new platform and a
new architecture.
That's what drives most of these deals.
Okay.
And then if we launched the managed Fed
rep vault in the next couple of quarters,
what's the one thing most likely to make
the federal customer walk away on day one?
What can they live with without at launch
versus what's a dead deal?
What can they not live with out?
Mm.
Well, like I said,
it sounds like the only things that
you're thinking of leaving out are like...
Some of the same stuff that we left out
of the early revs of our HTTP platform,
like key management and transit,
so I think they can live without that
stuff; that's not a problem,
as long as they have all of the
authentication methods.
The base secrets engines.
Mhm.
Policy management, like, I don't think,
I don't think there's anything that
you're gonna.
that you're going to be leaving out of
this that that would stop them.
Maybe so.
If anything that would stop them,
it would be something probably related to
how networking is set up, just a guess.
Some kind of hurdle with how you tie in
with their cloud peering.
But because I haven't done, like,
I've done like 0 deals in HCP.
I have very little awareness of, like,
I've done, like, I know how it works, but.
Thank you.
I think we'd probably want to do some
custom interviews to figure out like...
Is the HTTP architecture for how we do
customer interconnects acceptable?
And.
and easy enough for them to implement,
that's probably the other challenge.
Okay,
so when you talk about easy to implement,
what, in your opinion,
can be done in order to make that process
a little bit easier,
kind of removing those points of friction
that currently exist?
A lot of them are going to be internal to
the organization,
Yeah.
so that's going to be hard for you to
mitigate. I mean,
HTTP has done a pretty good job.
It's just like, hey,
type a few things in here,
we'll Terraform out and CloudFormation
Cindy.
out, all the connection information.
There are incident,
but as first I location is concerned.
I could see agencies that like don't like
the automation,
I think, like, for example,
to meet you over at the bottom right this
that maybe that's going on behind the
scenes there. It's gonna be,
that's just gonna require customer
interviews.
night.
They might wanna manually set it up.
I wouldn't be surprised.
That's smart.
Which, staying on that topic a little bit,
what do you think is the main reason why
Yeah.
there would want to be a manual setup?
Is it, is it kind of reliability? Yep.
The lack of trust of automation,
lack of trust of automation. They're just,
they're weird. They're always like, well,
I don't know if I can trust this.
You know, just go forward.
I'll just.
He went to work on the people.
I don't know. They'll be, they're fickle.
I'm saying there's the... Yeah. Now,
is there anything you feel like on our
Yeah.
end we would be able to do in order to
make this process a little bit more
trustworthy and viable?
Sup.
Yeah, I don't know. I mean,
the first thing that pops to mind is like,
Since by.
oh,
is there a way that we can bypass the
public clouds at all and just like
directly do a customer interconnect?
And just keep.
I don't know if that's good or bad,
but it might be something they'd be
Do you open?
interested in.
Like just a site-to-site VPN.
And now,
if you if you sorted through the Federal
Vault customers that you know,
into a few groups,
how they use and scale vault,
how many groups would you draw and what
separates the most demanding from the
modest ones?
And does the heavy load concentrations in
one group look different from the other?
If so, by how much?
Niki, I'm gonna so the next time card,
right? See if the...
EKS, almost, it's almost all EKS, so...
Set this like.
Yeah,
I would say the primary driver of how
much fault they're going to use is just
how much EKS they have.
Standing.
OK, interesting.
Uhh...
There's still some VMware out there,
thanks to Broadcom's, you know,
Show the same.
brutal pricing models.
I think that'll almost all be gone in the
Yeah, I'll look at some current steps.
next couple of years. But yeah, yeah,
it's like it's all pretty much EKS driven
Yes, yes.
Yes.
at this point.
Some open shift in certain sectors.
Yes.
Yeah, I can.
Like there's a lot of open shifts.
in the energy and some of the sciences
divisions.
Speaker.
It.
Those are also probably some of the best
candidates for the SAS solution.
It's the invoices.
They're just more open to SAS.
Like you're just going to see less
This year, yeah, that's the panel.
openness to SAS probably in like DOD than
civilian.
And like the further you get away from
kind of like the military industrial
complex,
the more people are going to be open to
using SAS. It's just the nature of things.
So,
I'm gonna share something out with you,
and I'm not sure if you've seen this
through a previous conversation with T.J.
But taking a look at this and let me know
if you need me to zoom in a little bit
more on it or not.
No, I just got to make my screen bigger.
I got a big boy.
So looking at these three, these options,
what option would a Federal customer more
Mhm.
than likely pick? And looking at this,
going from left to right,
the cost increases potentially by times
10 of the third.
Mhm.
Which one of those options would the
federal customers most likely pick and
Yeah.
why?
Yeah,
I have seen this and I remember spending
Yeah.
a lot of time staring at it.
I know I ended up in the middle, right,
You would have to agree to see it.
where it was just like, yeah,
they're going to want kind of that middle
At that point, either.
model.
They're just not going to want to share a
SC.
compute node with another tenant.
Is that right? Yeah, multi-tenant nodes.
Okay.
No,
they're going to want tenant-dedicated
Yeah, yep.
nodes.
Hey, Cortana,
we were just talking about you.
Uh...
Three is like the ice,
you're probably gonna have to do option
But...
two and option three.
I know option one is a lot cheaper, but...
And so, I see.
It's probably not worth maintaining all
three of them. But I don't know,
that's a call for you guys.
The IC is going to want to do stuff with
So, obviously, the last one, yeah,
what did you do in the strings?
option three.
don't ask me to justify it. They just,
it's gonna be off of vibes. They're like,
well, we're just more secure.
We just feel more comfortable with that.
Yeah.
And yeah, yeah,
all of this is just going to be a vibe
Spider.
I have a lot to say.
based, but yeah,
they're going to look at option two and
they're like, yeah,
I don't want to share a compute node.
Right.
Yeah, we go back again to interactive,
and she said.
I don't want to worry about memory leaks
or blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
I want single tenant nodes.
You.
Just that I like best.
And.
6000.
Are they going to mandate a single tenant
cluster?
No.
That's probably unlikely,
and those are single tenant,
Yes.
those are single tenant Kubernetes
clusters, right?
Mhm.
Like the full,
full management plan dedicated to them.
Yeah.
Boy.
Spending minutes, and then which one?
Nah,
I think most people would be fine too.
Okay.
I do. But people are still going to,
but like there will be customers that are
going to absolutely want #3.
Okay. And with customers that want #3,
are those individuals that have larger
Yeah.
workloads or do you think it's just kind
of, like you said, just bye-byes?
It's going to be vibes and budget.
So if you go talk to the IC,
they're just going to have a lot more
money and they're going to be like,
you know what?
It's just not worth me running risk for
It.
to do #2. I'll just pay for #3.
Just give me #3 and then I don't have to
Is it?
think about it.
Financials are probably going to feel the
same way. Just a guess. IRS,
Federal Reserve.
You'll have to talk to the,
I'm sure you'll talk to Tim Olson at some
Six.
point. He's one of the other, you know,
very long tenured experience that he's on
Tsyn.
the team. And he covers Fed financials.
So he can tell you probably what their
Ngok.
Shana.
feelings are on that.
My customers probably would be perfectly
fine with #2. They don't care.
Just ask.
Tim also has a lot of experience in Intel,
so he'll be able to tell you what's up in
75.
#3, but...
Yeah.
Remember, go ahead, hyper,
like stopping to the bottom. Yeah, yes.
But the challenge is, you know,
I'll bet there are agencies in the
sciences division that would be perfectly
fine with number one. And they'd be like,
So, we're not there.
they don't have big budgets.
They need to be able to afford something.
Same thing with.
No, no, that's some great information.
So kind of putting a bow on, you know,
So I'm sorry that I can't help you with
this. They're all important.
Huh.
the key question that we're trying to
solve for. Do you feel that,
Yeah.
do you feel that...
limits or understanding kind of what is
needed to provision is an issue that we
should be focusing on or
Due to the lack of issues that could
potentially arise that you mentioned,
you see those limits as something that is
something that we should like dive a
little bit more into.
My biggest customer challenges?
all come from initial deployments.
I sold deals into the Department of
Energy five years ago,
and they just keep renewing because
Just.
they've never deployed them.
It's always been the biggest challenges.
Mhm.
Onboard your customer,
get them to start consuming.
So I think more than anything else that
you're focusing on,
which features to deliver,
will it be performed?
Enough,
what architecture should we deploy for
them? I would focus the...
Lie and share my energy doing customer
interviews and determining what
onboarding workflows.
Are best for them and make it easier for
them to get on board,
cuz that's the only thing that's really
gonna matter here.
You can tweak some of this other stuff
later, you could even ****,
maybe you end up going with the number
two option here,
but there's like a low resources node
model that gets it closer to option one
for those.
you know,
cheap customers that are out there and
don't have a lot of money. I don't know.
Maybe you can play with this a little bit.
Okay.
But this is all fixable,
but if your onboarding workflow sucks,
no one will ever join your service.
Yeah. No, yeah, exactly. Well,
that is all that I have.
Is there any more information you think
would be relevant to share as we continue
to push towards this?
You've mentioned the onboarding process
kind of in your perfect world.
Do you have an idea of what that would
look like?
I don't because I still haven't seen one
that the company has created that's good.
Sorry, it just is true.
And do you think that that's from our end
or is it?
Uhh...
It is absolutely from our end, yeah.
We have never had a focus on usability of
our product. We've only cared about like..
.
Can we do stuff from a console and is it
flexible?
We've never had an opinion on what people
do. It's always been a problem.
We just need to customers want to be told
what to do,
or at least have like some guidance on
how they should do stuff,
and they need more UIs and wizards and...
just maturity nudges that just don't
exist within our product.
It's a total nightmare, people.
It's just a free for all choose your own
adventure that is.
It just didn't scale for us or whatever,
it's fine.
The only other thing that I would mention
is I'm also concerned about migration
You.
workflows. You didn't ask about it,
I'm sure you've thought about it,
but it's probably something,
I don't want to call it an afterthought,
but it is something you're going to worry
about maybe later.
But if you want the service to be
successful, you also need to
Be trying to pull in the existing
workloads that are out there,
provide incentives for people to make
that jump, make it easy.
I don't have any recommendations on how
to do that either,
'cuz it's a complex product to migrate.
You'd have to like...
Thank you.
pick up a namespace and all of its
associated artifacts and drag it into the
cloud somehow.
It's probably doable, but I mean,
I'll leave that up to you.
And do you feel like there's a little bit
of skepticism on that one as well?
When you talk about the ability to do it
in terms of like reliability.
Dude,
it's so hard to get these customers to
And, pro, it needs a process.
deploy. Yeah,
like it's hard enough just to get these
customers to deploy use cases.
Nudging them to move that use case
without like a lot of immediate
operational or value to them is like,
that's really tough.
Like getting someone to be like, hey,
I know that your on-prem vault is running
and it's working well.
Do you want to do some extra work to just
move that to the cloud?
Mhm.
Yeah, it's going to be a tough sell.
And what do you feel would make that a
little bit easier for them to do that?
just all about reducing friction.
If you can come up with a really seamless
Yeah.
way to duplicate an on-prem deployment or
a fragment of it and cut over to the
cloud on like ideally instantaneously,
That would change the game.
So that was an idea.
If you could just change a pointer and
then just be like, cool,
now you're pointed at the cloud.
That was flawless.
You didn't have to do any endpoint
reconfiguration. It just works.
So I ran this idea by Sarah and she said,
you know, she might run with this,
but do you feel this would solve the
issue?
So essentially doing that initial kind of
onboarding and provisioning,
you're standing up essentially to two
clusters, one that you would be able to
what your workload on and another one
that's kind of like a different branch of
that is an environment where you can
upgrade. And now,
similar to how you would work with like
different branches in GitHub,
where you have your main branch and you
can have a secondary branch.
Then once you're satisfied here,
then you could be able,
or provisioning or moving things over,
then you would be able to then just
essentially shift and merge it.
Is taking that time and that initial
setup to do something like that,
do you feel like that would help solve
the key issue?
Yeah, we haven't talked about this,
but most of my customers run a dev
cluster somewhere in their environment.
Nearly all of them,
Yep.
especially the ones at scale.
So they're all already running a dev QA
upgrade test use case management cycle.
So I would almost
Yeah.
think that it would be 100% necessary for
any on.
Um...
It's certainly an existing customer,
but I think even new customers are going
to want that playground to be included in
their contract.
So a scaled down version of their
environment that lets them do all that
testing and even test failing into the
cloud or cutting over to the cloud.
Yeah,
that's a step in the right direction for
sure. But I think it's a tooling.
We need to make our tooling like rock
solid to help them.
Otherwise they won't do it.
Like it's just too much work.
Mhm.
We will have to do that work.
And do you think that there's a good
communication between you and the clients?
And so if some of their like security
parameters change or things change within
that,
is that information communicated to you
that would help facilitate the ease of
that process?
Provide an example, what do you mean?
So, for example,
it's let's say the running and upgrading
the upgrading to the CLI. Now,
if something changes on their end with
security provisions and we come out with
a new version and that version isn't
compatible,
more than likely it's because of some
security or internal changes that have
been brought down by them.
is that then transmitted to you.
So as they go through this process of,
you know,
either migration or upgrading or
provisioning something else,
if it's not compatible because of
something on their end,
they're not going to know that because
they did communicate that to you.
Yeah,
we have status calls with all of our
major customers at least every other week.
I'm pretty sure that information will
come to me.
Yeah, perfect.
All right. Well,
that's all I have for you.
Thank you for taking the time.
I think this has been really instrumental
in making sure that we're trying to move
into the right direction and get,
you know,
if a better understanding of the rate
limits. And if that isn't the key issue,
then being able to pivot a little bit and
focus on the key issue,
which it seems for you is like that
first step in this that onboarding.
Mhm.
Awesome.
Would you have anything else for me, Luke?
And I will add,
so once I consolidate all this
information,
I'm going to share it out with everyone
that I've talked to so we can kind of
have that repository of knowledge that's
being passed around about what some of
the key issues are,
and then that'll allow us to all get
together, brainstorm,
and think about how we can solve some of
the issues that have been identified in
this research.
Sure. All right.
Awesome, will I give you some time back?
Yeah, of course. Thank you.
I mean, if there are questions, I guess.
Yeah.
Have a good day.
Yep, good meeting. Take it easy. Bye.
Bye.